hello and welcome to another
foul of marius from macstories today
show again at 17
as you get purchases from free in app
among other things which shows a gentleman
at real racing 3 for example where it is
a lot of app purchases are unfortunately
they have here ever
first we have to go to celia
need to look at each case study at
best call the source
no that was not so good at apple
best to add reporter.net
how it all works show other videos
also jpeg blabla invite us as
first of all, you have to have your own
down or mobile police sap trade
19 best again then the
down stairs install reload
It's best to start each so soon
still with reboot then you have to
these two symbols have that something there
because then give them a local
each of you determines local apps store
and his team still outbid again
or jump start then we give
the settings in and also see
this is local eyed peas tor going on
labels and have done it
then we can play a popular game
States will not have to say soon
it does not work for everyone
so racing died here of horny sun
because we asked for that
is he server created my pc in
simply hang this virtual server
know yourself because of wifi
so we have the goal and the
example, blabla know here to the money
Buy click then just cancel
and we have the 5000 whatever
welcome
that goes with this app store
try others
that will be angry birds 2 star wars one
to die away blabla bit luck basement
make something like that here
from angry birds this also knows
not what texts first buy
at credit the activity for 8 90 euro
and I do not think part of the
Problems do not go with every app i do
can so far as pvz exercise so not
right in the comments flame of
put blabla it's not about packaging
it's not everyone 's easy
so
it also needs to check loading content
Well, no matter now , it works
unfortunately not with any app so sell
or buy a bullshit booster pack
abort, stop
the way you see is not working
like ten times already said home now
I could have someone to try
think there is advertising
turn off
Cancel ok
congratulations jule works yes
I want to say thank you for that
watch and see you next time
but that on youtube left and
our last one is right is our tv
Do not forget channel on facebook too
Like to follow on twitter
and bye